[Music]
here's the basics you get three wishes
they must begin with rubbing the lamp
and saying I wish got it think so
brushes I can't make anybody love
anybody or bring anybody back from the
dead
the crowd goes wild Disney's 11 so how
does it work though
so with the instruction
[Music]
are you gonna wish there is this
princess
[Music]
back up boy I need some room to work
there's a whole world out there
sometimes you just have to take a risk
do you trust me
[Music]
Disney's so that is we don't need to
talk about that monkey later are we in
trouble
trust me
jeanny on this street thief without you
what do I have to offer her I made you
to look like a prince on the outside
I didn't change anything
on the inside
Disney's Aladdin do you trust me
who's the girl she's a princess Oh
aren't they all oh we've had a
connection but she has to marry a prince
backup boy I need some room to work
I made you to look like a prince on the
outside but I didn't change anything on
the inside or inside li got you to the
door do you trust me what did you say
but Aladdin has to open it do you trust
me
[Music]
sometimes princess you just have to take
a risk you T how did you get past the
guards that was challenging
you cannot just break into a palace like
you own the place
if you don't have anything you have to
act like you own everything you stumbled
upon an opportunity I can make you rich
rich enough to impress a princess what
would I have to do there's a Cave of
Wonders
bring me the land
oh great one who summons me I stand by
my oath loyalty two wishes three I'm
kidding Rustin do you trust me
whatare do we need the top none that's
my little cherry on top it's time that I
told you the story of Aladdin The
Princess and the lamp
[Music]
you stumbled upon an opportunity your
life begins now
[Music]
you stumbled upon an opportunity
I can make you rich
[Music]
rich enough to impress a princess
what would I have to do there's a Cave
of Wonders
bring me the land
[Music]
oh great one who summons me I stand by
my oath loyalty two wishes three I'm
kidding rush
[Music]
hey can you make me a prince there is a
lot of gray area in make me a prince I
could just make you a prince oh no you
look like a prince on the outside but I
didn't change anything on the inside
Showtime no I'm in charge okay I say
when it's done
[Music]
really
I thought a princess could go anywhere
not this princess do you trust me
[Music]
Buzzz fall
it
[Music]
you really don't know who I am genie
wishes land
none of that ringing about
[Music]